In came Mary.
The laboratory acquired a fabulous reputation for its historic discovery.
Every one wants to live free from care.
The boy talks as if he were a girl.
A heavy snowstorm kept us from going out.
He built castles in the air all day.
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a day.
There's a long line at every cash register.
Which would you like to have with your bread, butter or cheese?
Making good grades requires studying hard.
It was easy for me to solve the problem.
The party, therefore, had to take another route.
Bob hurried home in order to watch the TV program.
We had to do without oil during the war.
Wow! That's cheap!
I will come on Monday unless you write to the contrary.
We were surprised to see his injuries.
Having read the book, I could answer all the questions.
The judge reversed the final decision.
I made up my mind to go there.
Aren't you pushing it too far?
If I were to go abroad, I would go to France.
Some people say that English politeness is, at bottom, really fear.
What's the matter with you? she demanded.
What a heavenly dress!
The sky was bright and clear.
Who was the leader of the expedition?
You must be blind as a bat if you couldn't see it.
If it's raining, we don't plan to go hiking.
Would you slice me a piece of ham, please?
The girl fainted, but she came to when we threw water on her face.
The theory will find general acceptance.
It is too early to get up.
I'm as hungry as a bear.
Why are you so tired today?
They learned all there was to know about it.
I urinate involuntarily.
How did you come by such a large sum of money?
Don't ask me why.
It's too dark to play outside.
Many of the things Pizzaro had heard about the Inca treasure were true.
There was a large audience at the concert.
I didn't bargain for Mary's coming so soon.
The swimmer raised his head and gasped for breath.
May I take a rain check?
There are still some savage tribes on that island.
Fill out the form in ballpoint.
If it were not for your help, I could not succeed.
The cap is too small for me.
It was very kind of you to give me a nice gift.
The dog that bit the child was caught soon after.
After I shut the door, I remembered I had left my key behind.
I was surprised at how expensive the shoes were.
Let's split it.
Many plants and crops grow here thanks to the mild climate.
The wrestler weighs over 200 kilograms.
I have false nearsightedness.
Bill wrote the letter.
Hanako turned out to be a surprisingly nice person.
The protection circuit is built into the system.
The scissors are not sharp.
Send me the account.
The two countries negotiated a peace treaty.
Where are you going to spend the vacation?
Milk is a good beverage.
You'd better hurry up if you want to get home before dark.
The mountain is standing out in sharp relief against the blue sky.
What are you concerned about?
Tony gave us a piece of helpful advice.
The reason why we cannot support his view will be given below.
For months, he did almost nothing.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
Your problem is similar to mine.
You're in luck because the boss is in.
Germany produced many scientists.
We want something new.
The rain being over, they went on with the game.
You are quite a man.
You will do well to leave him.
Women will have the last word.
I found it something of a disappointment.
Money is not a criterion of success.
The nurse will tell you how to do it.
New Zealand is a country of sheep and cows.
You suck dude! I have to tell you everything!
It will not be long before we meet again.
His story of the collision agrees with mine.
Since then, his faith has been severely shaken.
Did you ever see that movie?
Education is the agent of progress.
You shouldn't speak so ill of him.
You must not give up hope.
The meeting room is downstairs.
Merry is scared of dogs.
Turn right at the crossroad.
Miniskirts have gone out of fashion.
It's a common mistake.
The question excited much controversy.
Thank you for the wonderful gift.
The grass needs cutting.
Today the sky is a cloudless blue.
In addition to being a pianist, she is a painter.
The heroine of the novel committed suicide.
When does your school break up?
The cliff is almost vertical.
To swim in the ocean is my greatest pleasure.
It's high time you were in bed.
I suppose you could say that.
A car is convenient, to be sure, but, after all, it will prove expensive.
Have you lost your marbles, wearing those bell-bottoms?
How long does it take to reach Okinawa?
The answer misses the point.
You cannot pull the wool over my eyes.
The action of the play takes place in France.
Will you walk down to the school with me?
Because I want to be a translator.
Whoever leaves the office last should turn off the light.
Bill's abrupt manner causes him to be misunderstood.
The robot does whatever its master tells it to do.
The party was put off for a week.
There's no toilet paper.
Judy laughed at me.
The boat sank during the storm.
I'm still feeling a little homesick and so many things seem strange to me.
You may borrow this book as long as you keep it clean.
Books are popular with students.
It was yesterday that Mary bought this skirt.
It grew dark, and what was worse, we lost our way.
Having been written in a hurry, this letter has many mistakes in it.
The slugger was easily put out.
John can't speak French well.
We differ from them in some respects.
To purchase a ticket, you need to enter your personal details.
Not all books are good books.
Did Mr Davis come to Japan to teach English?
Mr Newman often comes to Japan.
Dennis lay flat on the floor.
The man used much money to gain power.
I'll come to your place.
Wine is put in casks to age.
Whatever you may say, I will not change my opinion.
Roy needn't have hurried to the airport to meet his parents.
How were the bodies of those who died disposed of?
First of all, he went to the station.
You had better avail yourself of this opportunity.
It is made partly of wood.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain at any moment.
A bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive.
That suit wears long.
I hear music.
I wonder what has become of the friend I used to go fishing with.
The money you give them will be put to good use.
I had no idea that you were coming.
You have a light hand, don't you?
All of the money is reserved for emergencies.
Climbing the Matterhorn is difficult.
Innocence is a beautiful thing.
How well Tony can play tennis!
Our insurance policy covers various kinds of damages.
The bridge will give way under such a heavy load.
The bus left the stop.
It rained nonstop.
Find an empty bottle and fill it with water.
I was given training in that school.
Don't bother to call me.
The doctor would not take any gifts from the poor.
The boy made vain efforts to reach the shore.
Have a nice day.
It was hot. I couldn't stand it any longer.
You have the advantage of me.
Finally they gave in to their enemy.
The explanation may be much more complex.
We shall all miss you when you go away.
Without gravity we would be hurled off into space.
I had a hard time getting to the airport.
Is Mr Schmidt at home now?
She did not eat anything until she was rescued.
It is wrong to cheat at cards.
Mike takes after his father in everything.
That town is two miles away.
I'll explain how to take this medicine.
I've been thinking that I may have been too critical.
That discovery was quite accidental.
The typhoon prevented our plane from leaving.
We'll borrow some money on the house.
She's asking for the impossible.
The building suffered much from the earthquake.
I cannot agree with you as regards that.
The timid man trembled with fear.
Some students like English, and others like physics.
We're all going to share it. Could you bring us some extra plates?
You will miss the train if you don't hurry.
I cannot go to the party, but thank you for inviting me all the same.
You just need a good rest.
We walked more quickly than usual.
I'd like a suite.
We divided the money between us.
It seems to have worn out.
I went to the theater quite early with a view to getting a good seat.
Tom dares not tell Mrs. White the truth.
Will you permit me to go there?
I'll see if he is in.
Come as soon as possible.
I can't understand why you are so critical of him.
He is a clever boy, to be sure.
We were able to settle the matter finally.
A fire was seen to blaze up far away.
Tom lost his job.
By chance we saw him as he came out of the shop.
There is no mother who doesn't love her own child.
The bus leaves every ten minutes.
She's really smart, isn't she?
I had him in that discussion.
That comes in handy.
There is little, if any, of such distribution of control.
Generally speaking, the Japanese people are diligent.
The box bears the stamp of the manufacturer.
If the vase is not found, John may be accused of stealing it.
When she heard that, she turned pale.
Bob sang loudest at the party.
The train was held up for two hours on account of the snowstorm.
The smoke went upward through the chimney.
Send for a doctor at once.
I ache all over after the exercises.
The teacher assembled the students in the hall.
Shine on my brilliant soul.
Leave the matter to me. I'll see to it.
Bill boasts of owning the biggest car in the neighborhood.
Were we to do such a thing, we should be punished.
The blare of the radio burst upon our ears.
Here's a magazine for you to read in the plane.
John and I have patched up our troubles.
They are too numerous to enumerate.
While eating a pizza he was annoying his sister.
The importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited.
All of you did good work.
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?
Shall we start the meeting now?
I haven't touched a tennis racket in years.
That gives me a headache!
I ate caviar.
Romans did not want their empire to decline; but it did.
Have you ever tried scuba diving?
We'd better brainstorm about it together and get a better idea.
I watched TV this morning.
In those days, I went to bed earlier.
Supporting his family was a great burden for him.
Tell me about yourself, please, Sir Anthony.
Who will host the party?
You have the wrong number.
Where is the boarding gate for UA 111?
Goodbyes are always sad.
I've got a splendid idea.
The contrast between the sky and the mountain is striking.
Please take off all your clothes except your underpants and bra.
We have an account with the bank.
Cows give us milk.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.
Are you through yet?
Don't run down the stairs so noisily.
I hope it won't be long before I can see you again.
I lost my shirt on the stock market.
It came about in this way.
I will have finished my homework by Tuesday.
Mary decided never to see him any more.
Don't buy things on credit.
There was a broken cup on the table.
The place is worth visiting twice.
I was happy then.
Fortune has turned in my favor.
Hideo turned the steering wheel sharply to avoid the bicyclist.
There was a thick fog around.
Where's the nearest travel agency?
The boy was to lose his mother at an early age.
Playing tennis is a lot of fun.
The soldier gave his name.
The author killed himself in his study.
I'll buy that old clock, however expensive it is.
Let's go by bus to see more of the city.
The plan will develop our city.
It is time my son came home from school.
In the war, many people died young.
The boy isn't aware of his parents' efforts to raise him.
That is, she is a poor dancer.
It was less than fifty dollars.
Needless to say, diligence is a key to happiness.
Other things being equal, the simplest explanation is the best.
You're a philosopher, aren't you?
I think I'm putting on weight again.
It's because you don't want to be alone.
You always like to trip me up, don't you?
The timetable was disrupted.
Keep your classroom clean.
All right, do it your own way, but don't blame me if you fail.
All the competitors are trying to get their piece of the pie.
Please unbutton your blouse.
But I have an appointment with my client tomorrow.
The ball rolled into the stream.
Hurry up, or you will be late.
As it is cold, you may keep your overcoat on.
Basketball is a lot of fun.
She was surprised to hear the news.
I lost my wife last year.
We can get a beautiful view of the sea from the hill.
You cannot learn such a thing too soon.
If I were to go abroad, I would go by boat.
Can the news be true?
Two-thirds of the students came to the meeting.
Let the door be closed at once.
The position carries with it an attractive salary.
You may invite whomever you like.
He learned the news while reading the newspaper.
I have French nationality but Vietnamese origins.
I wish you had told me that.
Once you skip a lesson, it's hard to catch up with your classmates.
The doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat and blood pressure.
If wisely used, money can do much.
Don't ask me such a hard question.
The lake is the deepest in Japan.
I strolled along the streets to kill time.
Speaking English is a lot of fun.
On the whole, my company is doing well now.
Such poets as Toson and Hakushu are rare.
Can you put up with the noise?
The rain came down in buckets.
We thought we had the game in the bag.
It can be done in a day.
You or I will be chosen.
Please forgive me for telling a lie.
The man shot three birds with a gun.
Bob must have had an accident.
I think these attitudes are behind the times.
Whatever course you may take, you must do your best.
Jill looked at John sideways.
Mr Jordan sat down beside him.
Could you do me a favour please?
We wonder why.
Donna was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.
Put everything on my tab. I'll settle it when I check out.
Anyway, she didn't get what she hoped for.
The work cannot be done in a day.
Mary is going to have a baby next month.
I forgot to lock the drawer.
Tom is eager to buy a new car.
It's a very slow business.
By and large, women can bear pain better than men.
This school was founded in 1970.
Whatever is that noise?
Please refrain from pushing forward.
She knew herself that it would be very difficult to carry out the mission.
I figured out why the machine wouldn't work.
You'll never know unless you try.
The city has a large population.
This dictionary will be of great help to you.
Nobody has come up yet.
If only the doctor had come a little sooner.
The fire deprived us of our property.
Yumi can't finish it in a day.
I met him then for the first time.
I will see him after I get back.
The twins look exactly alike.
You must put an end to this foolish behavior.
Have you finished doing your homework yet?
It will not be long before the cherry blossoms on our campus come out.
The twins are so much alike that I can not distinguish one from the other.
I need not have watered the flowers. Just after I finished, it stared raining.
Take hold of it. We're going to pull it.
The house was more expensive than I had expected.
If you do it that way you won't be mistaken.
Please call me a doctor.
I made a temporary repair to the broken door.
Above all, try to be kind to the old.
I cannot possibly help you.
Buying such an expensive car is out of the question.
Nothing could be more reasonable, on the face of it.
The murderer is now on trial.
Rules are to be observed.
It was a complete failure.
The baby was named Ichiro after his uncle.
In any case why was it only mine that had a line in the LCD?
Mary is very ill and I'm afraid she is dying.
Help me with my homework, please.
Fantasy is often the mother of art.
Students have been protesting against the government's decision.
The doctor dosed the girl with antibiotics.
Much of London was destroyed in the seventeenth century.
Footnotes are notes at the foot of a page.
Painters such as Picasso are rare.
Please write down your name, address, and phone number here.
I always wear boots when it rains or snows.
The bank robbers dispersed in all directions.
The tree was ready to fall down.
I'll tell you everything about it.
Don't talk about such a thing.
All we have to do is to try our best.
The man charged me with being irresponsible.
The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net.
Speak louder so everyone can hear you.
The boy took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
I wish I could come up with a good answer to the question.
John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping.
Miss Brown has gotten used to eating Japanese food.
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
Before that, we had better make sure of the fact.
That child thought much of his parents.
This textbook is designed for beginners.
The beginning of the story was interesting.
If I were you, I would go home at once.
I was in London most of the summer.
It means trying hard, even if we make mistakes.
The rain made it impossible for me to drive fast.
Don't forget to let me know when it's time.
The paper didn't carry the story.
I feel relaxed with you.
I didn't hear you.
A policeman was sent for at once.
May I go out for a short walk?
The music faded away.
The flower is alive with bees.
Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.
I felt refreshed after showering.
The football game might be called off on account of rain.
Why do you think so?
I need it for the parking meter.
I feel that I am free.
The plan is bound to succeed.
The train is ready to start.
There is a taxi stand near the station.
I don't like you anymore.
The company will soon go bankrupt.
It was apparent to everybody that our team was stronger.
It is up to you whether we can succeed or not.
The air felt a little cold.
All the money was spent on clothes.
New York is the biggest city in the world.
That is a new story to me.
But I enjoyed farm work.
It was so noisy there that I couldn't make myself heard.
I was at a loss for words.
There used to be a village here before the dam was made.
Tom is more hardworking than any other student in his class.
If I were to tell you the truth, you would be surprised.
The day is almost over.
Mr White called his assistant over and said the following:
All you can do is trust one another.
These things aren't mine!
The radio is disturbed by noises.
We will employ a man who can speak English.
I've spoken amply about the project.
I was surprised at the news.
The child pointed out her mother to me.
They filled them with straw to make them round and hard.
Did you get hurt in the football game?
I waited for him at the station for an hour, but he didn't show up.
Who do you think will be chosen?
Should I make my bed every day?
They say that he hates to study.
Mr White soon began to feel guilty.
Allow me to introduce Mr Kato to you.
The musician is enjoying great popularity both in Japan and in America.
The road is inadequate for the amount of traffic which it carries.
Tom was sitting in the front of the bus.
Nancy wants a pair of red shoes.
We are influenced both by environment and by heredity.
There's nothing like a good hot bath.
We have five days to go before the summer vacation.
Your bicycle is similar to mine.
When did the accident take place?
The increase in population has become a serious problem in the country.
And then, it took them far from home.
You'll never achieve anything if you don't study harder.
It is important to understand that each country has its own culture.
You will have heard the news, I think?
Let's reserve that for another occasion.
Don't come near me. I have a cold.
What time will the band start playing?
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
I could never make him believe what I said.
The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.
I would like to have something to munch on with my beer.
Sports keep us in good shape.
What is the best way to learn a foreign language?
You may as well go home now.
It's essential for the papers to be ready today.
You should have acted on her advice.
You should have listened to me.
Many companies advertise their products on TV.
Please take the pants in a bit.
The eagle dived at its prey.
The two boys are much the same in English.
You must return the book to him.
We want further information.
That was the most exciting concert I have ever been to.
Choose whichever of them is becoming to you.
There is little milk left in the bottle.
I would rather let him have his own way.
Travelling is easy these days.
If it were not for his assistance, we could not carry out the project.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
A bad workman complains of his tools.
You can buy that dog if you want to. It is for sale.
The magazine does nothing for me.
Dick is sometimes late for school.
On hearing the news, he shouted with joy.
I asked him about the accident.
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.
The machine squealed for lack of oil.
There's very little paper left.
Or do you have to take the bus?
Both Tom and Bill are playing tennis now.
Tom made me a birdcage.
He was in open-mouthed amazement.
He's an old timer.
I admit it to be true.
Comb your hair before you go out.
I have already done my homework.
Money for the plan was lacking.
I understand your position perfectly.
It's none of my business!
It doesn't matter whether your answer is right or wrong.
For safety purposes, remove the plastic casing before use.
You ought not to have done such a thing.
I'll take you there.
No one could get the better of him in an argument.
It is I that am bad.
What did you open it with?
Mr Hashimoto is known to everyone.
If it had not been for the accident, we would have been in time.
Because of fighting in the region, the oil supply was temporarily cut off.
Lemon is sour.
The position requires applicants to be skilled in spoken English.
Don't look so fiercely at me.
After three drinks, the man passed out.
I saw him but once.
Please have someone else do it.
My house, which I bought ten years ago, still looks new.
Do you think it will take long by bus?
In any case, you have to study hard.
It is beginning to tell on him.
The fact is that they are talking.
The boy is far from a fool.
The team won the semifinals and advanced to the finals.
Is everything all right?
It will soon be breakfast time.
John goes to his office on foot.
Tom has no friends to play with.
Those plans seem much alike to me.
I'd like a hotel reservation.
Pack them in the box.
No one can be more wise than destiny.
The soldiers fought valiantly, but finally they had to give in.
The story turned out to be true.
Such skills could be put to many practical uses.
It really hit the spot.
It's amazing, just like that.
I'll show you to the station.
The thermometer reads three degrees below zero.
Accordingly I gave up my plans.
The paint on the seat on which you are sitting is still wet.
Everyone went there, didn't they?
It's hard to change a bad habit.
There were some students in the classroom.
Science rests upon observation.
The bridge is being repaired.
Finally she attained a position of power.
Philip and Tom are related to each other.
There are a good many reasons why you shouldn't do it.
The house requires large repairs.
At last, the bus company gave in.
We must make every effort to do away with all discrimination.
I'm dying of thirst.
The prophecy came to pass.
Mary beamed her happiness.
The dog wagged its tail.
You should take part in that speech contest.
It was a manifest error of judgement.
It was as if the devil was chasing after him.
The actress seems to have walked through her part.
My sister-in-law had four children in five years.
Correct the underlined words.
Please put this into English.
Would you mind opening the window?
The meeting has been fixed for next week.
The musical program has gone off very well.
There was not a bloody soul.
Do you mean you met her!?
The vase burst into fragments.
That woman has wrongly accused me.
We postponed our picnic pending a change in the weather.
Why do you have to work late?
That accounts for why the door was open.
It has too many disadvantages.
Tom is in his element when he is playing baseball.
I'm sorry, but he isn't home.
Would you mind shutting the door?
I'd like to get a view of the ocean.
Amazingly, the old man recovered his health.
I'd like to pay in cash.
Can you do without an English dictionary?
Please give me something to eat. I am so hungry.
The patient requires constant care.
I'd rather go for a walk than see the movie.
Clara asked me why I worked so hard.
I've just finished my work.
You had better not work too hard.
The drowning man grasped at the rope.
Won't you have another cup of coffee?
For some reason or other I cannot bring myself to work.
The little girl clung to her father's arm.
Can such a strange thing be real?
Beef is expensive nowadays.
We can see a lot of stars at night in summer.
The man is anything but honest.
I spend what time I can spare reading.
Has John returned to America for good?
Beside you, I'm only a beginner at this game.
The hole is two meters across.
I feel like drinking a beer.
We were running to and fro.
Had Napoleon been born in this century, what could he have done?
The rocks are weathered into fantastic forms.
Mary and I became good friends.
It sounds as if genius compensates for lack of experience.
Full religious freedom is assured to all people.
If there was just 1,000 yen more, he would have taken 10,000 yen in total.
I'm too lazy to do my homework.
We discussed the matter at large.
I'm afraid it will rain tomorrow.
What a ridiculous opinion that is!
There is enough bread for all of you.
We expected him to support us.
The bus drivers are on strike today.
No one can separate them.
The company's gamble paid off.
Soon the cold rain came down.
Won't it keep until later?
The patient is in critical condition.
Everything is in good order.
There is a large house on the hill.
How many pictures did you buy?
I will not go to the length of saying such things.
The passion has burned itself out in him.
If I had more money, I could move to a bigger house.
I'm no match for him when it comes to playing the piano.
The party gained ground rapidly.
New York weather is hot and humid in the summer.
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times.
The actress was dressed beautifully.
Peter loves Jane.
It is he who is to blame for the accident.
Nick hurried to catch the bus.
He's very sexy.
The driver turned the wheel to the right.
You'd better put aside some money for a rainy day.
We used up the shampoo.
To know a language is one thing, and to teach it is another.
Please move the desk to the left.
It is not easy to write in chalk.
Our team is five points ahead.
Wait till the soup warms.
To my surprise, there were no people in the village.
On the whole, the elite are not sensitive to criticism.
Twelve are present at the meeting.
It will take five to ten years for the technology to be ready.
The company has growing pains now.
Each child was given a present.
I wouldn't do it if I were you.
I hope I can manage to make both ends meet.
I am much concerned about your health.
I don't know how to manage that large estate.
The point of the pencil has become dull.
I love trips.
The scuttlebutt is they're going to Australia.
It was very cold, and what was worse, it began to rain.
The house is not ideal, but it's all right.
What a wonderful family.
Everybody calls the small cat Tora.
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
The letter was written in the Queen's own hand.
Yes, I'm coming!
His parents' view was that he was wasting his earnings on a silly girl.
I wish to see my father.
Good morning, everybody.
I want you to go to the post office.
Will the present make him happier?
The fence will be painted by Tom tomorrow.
Those shoes have been reduced.
Walk slowly, and I will catch up with you.
Let's have a serious talk about your future.
Please make way for him.
The sound roused her from sleep.
The accident is reported in today's paper.
If you eat any cake, I'll whip you.
I'm staying at the Sheraton Hotel.
What you said to her isn't accepted as a joke.
Everybody is very busy getting ready for the New Year.
Then I walked upstairs to the dressing rooms.
You will find the restaurant on your right.
You are welcome to the use of my yacht.
I found no money left in my pocket.
Was the car washed by your father?
You look very charming today.
The airplane took off ten minutes ago.
Please come to my house in the afternoon.
Her eyes were filled with tears when she pictured the sad scene to herself.
That doesn't regard you at all.
Freud originated psychoanalysis.
At last, we arrived at the village.
You should start as early as you can.
It was only yesterday that John told me about his plan to go to Europe.
The meeting will begin at 6:00 and dinner will be served at 7:00.
Hanako has forgotten her umbrella again.
In any case, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
Did you do your homework? The meeting is only two days away.
He's just about had enough of the Smiths' TV.
You should not speak ill of others behind their backs.
I am not to blame any more than you are.
They say we're going to get some showers.
Which theater is that?
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.
Can you speak French?
My stomach is rumbling.
John gave Mary some money.
You had better try buttering him up first.
Mr White made a few comments on my speech.
You are in my way.
You should rest after exercise.
Your car makes too much noise. You should have it looked at.
Could I check my bags?
Well, I watch television.
The building is seven stories high.
Nothing is as hard as a diamond.
That coat is just the style I've been looking for.
The violinist waits for the signal to play.
The river flows slowly to the sea.
There are many books, aren't there?
It's difficult to feel at home in a foreign language.
The river that flows through London is the Thames.
Don't come into my room without knocking.
That pole is not quite vertical.
Of course you can take it if you want.
Come what may, I am ready.
You are selling him short.
What he said really hurt me.
No man is the wiser for his learning.
When shall we have the party?
The story ends with his death.
There are a few nuclear bomb shelters in the city.
You must keep your room clean.
Don't you find it unpleasant walking in the rain?
We are annoyed at the constant noise.
Mick named the baby Richard.
Mary and I were ill in bed yesterday.
The company shares give a high yield.
Portia tempered justice with mercy.
Does that price include breakfast?
If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.
It is difficult for us to persuade him.
The game will be called off if it rains tomorrow.
That cannot be true.
Don't you move from here.
Gosh, what a dirty customer!
I had a feeling that something dreadful was happening.
Let's drop in at that coffee lounge.
Nancy told me about the fire.
Can I borrow your pen?
I didn't miss my watch till I got home.
The cathedral had a religious painting on its ceiling.
In addition to classifying the data, the machine also checks the figures.
Let's not argue for the sake of arguing.
Gum got stuck to the bottom of my shoe.
Bob has been sick in bed for a week now.
What an incredible amount of work he has done!
Bill and Joan divided the candy between them.
I will make it clear that I won't come again.
Where would I find books?
Sven was so verbose that his friends resorted to calling him a chatterbox.
No matter what happens, I'll stand by you.
It's not just Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
A rose is sweeter in the bud than full blown.
In such a case, you can always ask a question in return.
Come and see me right now.
How could I be a robot? Robots don't dream.
He was lying asleep in the sun.
I'd like a Bloody Mary.
That custom is on the decrease.
It is hers, is it not?
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
And he chased the cattle, the sheep, and the people out of the temple.
That's how he escaped being hurt in the accident.
I feel like eating something sweet.
I should say he is a little angry.
Of course they resemble each other in some ways.
The President did me the courtesy of replying to my letter.
Smoking affects our health.
Machinery uses a lot of electricity.
Your words make me fear for my life.
No person by that name is listed in the register of the school.
Buses are running at 20 minute intervals.
I have a dream.
You need your parents' permission if you are going to apply for that.
Can you imagine me making a cake?
Give us the sign to go soon.
The plane is now operational.
Are there any landmarks?
We walked among the trees.
Nothing beats a big glass of beer in summer.
There are a lot of people walking there.
French is spoken in France.
The rightmost lane is now under construction.
The work cost 100 dollars.
She is rich, to be sure, but I don't think she's very smart.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?
It was raining, but he went out.
The day will surely come when your dream will come true.
All the expenses will fall on the sponsor.
Your conclusion is highly arguable.
It happened that I met her in Tokyo.
Where would I find CDs?
There is a fence about the house.
The flowers died for lack of water.
You'll have to attend the ceremony whether you are free or busy.
The flowers give off a very pleasant perfume.
Mary called him every name she could think of.
George doesn't mix much; he likes to keep to himself.
The man ran away.
The university was alive with a festival.
It was such an interesting book that I read it in a day.
Tolstoy achieved worldwide fame.
So we are saving up in order to buy them.
The river was not so clean.
He is responsible for the accident.
The cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass.
Paul's family spends the summer at the coast every year.
The agenda for the meeting has been distributed.
Congress went into recess.
You are now an adult.
There is an abundance of pictures in the book.
Any member can make use of these facilities.
The monkey climbed up a tree.
Please give me a map of the town.
All my doubts about it have been driven away.
Linda will try to have her own way in everything.
It happened that the train was delayed on account of snow.
If you want to make your dreams come true, keep on trying.
Concert tickets are on sale at this office.
It is foolish of you to say such a thing.
Don't worry about such a thing.
We are afraid that our new address is not registered on your database.
The line is engaged.
The dog seems to be sick.
Because I studied for a long time yesterday.
It suits me.
This is a nice restaurant. Thanks for bringing me here.
I may as well start at once.
Don't speak so fast.
You can meet Dr. White only by appointment.
The rain made it impossible for us to go on the picnic.
Does that include everything?
It contained harmful chemicals.
Nowadays his father goes to work by car.
You are too critical of others' shortcomings.
There is no evidence to the contrary.
That district is no longer a safe place to live in.
The news spread abroad.
What's the difference between lions and leopards?
Desk work is just not my cup of tea.
The team will go ahead with the plan soon.
If it is free, please send me a copy.
The tree stands higher than the roof.
It was not long before I caught up with him.
The concert will take place next spring.
The girl's eyes were filled with tears.
I like my brandy straight.
Mayuko designed a dress for herself.
Mr Brown belongs to the upper class.
You don't have to carry your baggage.
John is senior to me by two years.
Your new dress becomes you very well.
Run as fast as you can.
On base and off, buckle your seat-belts.
The man shoved her aside.
Let's take a break.
Finally, she chose another kitten.
I think the soup needs a bit of salt.
He fled lest he should be arrested.
The singer was at his best in that song.
Educational reforms still have a long way to go.
That is no fault of Jack's.
Tom drove the car.
The kid drew back from the frog when it moved.
You had better go to bed right away, or your cold will get worse.
Are you concerned with politics?
John is interested in golf.
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional.
There is a Mr Ito who wants to see you.
I'm sorry, but I don't understand English well.
Thank you very much, she said with a smile.
I want to get away from the rat race.
Wire me at once, in case there should be an accident.
Cold as it was, we went out.
Most boys take after their fathers.
The letter was written by Bill.
Music started playing in the restaurant so there was a real romantic mood.
Whatever you do, carry it through.
If you do that, you will be cheating.
Football is my favorite game.
In days gone by, things were different.
The students performed Hamlet.
Come and see me anytime you want to.
Not all the students were present at the class.
It being very cold, they stayed at home.
Let's leave the problem until tomorrow.
You are to hand in your assignments by Monday.
The girl lent her friend her new typewriter.
The infant has been exposed to radioactive rays.
Let me know if I need to make any changes.
You're a friend of Tom's, eh?
At last, we were home!
How many days does it usually take to get there?
Who is going to look after our dog?
The garden is at its best in spring.
What languages do they speak in Belgium?
The women will fine the man.
He managed to run the machine.
Under such circumstances, we cannot succeed.
Susan eats like a bird and leaves most of the food on her plate.
I am a bachelor.
That book may be obtained at a moment's notice.
The committee consists of twelve members.
You must not idle away.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Are you a Japanese student?
That is why she didn't join them.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.
I often talk to him on the bus.
The popularity of a web site depends on its content.
Let me know the result as soon as you can.
How can I get to the police station?
The only access to the village is from the river.
Clear away the table things.
It took Brian several hours to write a card.
We discovered relics of an ancient civilization.
I always walk to school.
You must encourage him to try again.
By the way, are you free this afternoon?
Take a book and read it.
Do you have bread for lunch?
I would also like to rent a car.
Large fries, please.
We're all waiting because there's no news about the test results yet.
If you learn English at all, learn it thoroughly.
You don't have to trouble yourselves.
Bob dropped in at his uncle's house.
The portrait was taken from the wall.
Since the bridge looks like a pair of glasses, they call it Meganebashi.
Please feel free to make suggestions.
Dr. Smith is the most knowledgeable expert in that subject.
The climber stayed alert while climbing the precipice.
The Soviet troops started to withdraw from Afghanistan.
The rules were recently relaxed.
The classroom was full of pupils.
Few people, if any, could survive a nuclear war.
I finally contacted him by phone.
The robber aimed his gun at the clerk.
It's a phone call from a Mr Brown.
Television can dull our creative power.
Who is the girl standing at the door?
The girl made off with her employer's money.
You are too clever not to solve the hard problem.
That wind blew out our last candle.
We searched the woods for the missing child.
However hard I try, I can never catch up with him.
Tom got angry with the high school students.
You should talk to the teacher yourself.
Do you accept Visa card?
The Yankees got the better of the Dodgers.
My whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game.
Fred tried to get to the door, but the table was in the way.
That George will come is certain.
You should lay by something against a rainy day.
Rain was pattering on the roof.
What's done cannot be undone.
For years the picture passed as a genuine Rembrandt.
The boy rowing the boat is a friend of mine.
He who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning.
The helicopter is flying very low.
Will you marry me?
The TV program seemed very interesting.
That is rather unexpected.
You must not enter the room.
Mr Ford is what is called a self-made man.
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?
Shall we walk to the station?
I can't tell if the party will return tomorrow.
Robert is content with his present position.
We must all take care to preserve our national heritage.
The street is full of cars.